Donetsk millions of young people basically all left, just like us, for example, but roughly speaking, there is no one left there, and the guys who have already been there for the 30s, they have lived there all their lives, leaving is not an option, they are Most likely at the front Cool And the fact that young people are leaving there in general is well but what to do there is devastation there Well, on TV it’s not showing us that Russia has come to rebuild everything there and all these tiles are there Well, there’s money being laundered from all over the place, what is it Good afternoon Well, it’s already evening Hello Where are you from Donetsk And now where now in the Moscow region I understand, I’m from Kursk guys, in short, I’m just here trolling like I’m looking for someone like he hung it up like So I have chromakey here Green background they’re like starting there about there Glory to Ukraine and I’m the one and there’s not a lot of them, we’re looking for people like that We’re doing something here one of them was talking to my grandfather, he started something about my mother there. Well, it’s a shame, of course. And you’re from Donetsk, what year were you born? we have friends there and we wanted stories there, it would just be that we sent boys from Kursk, like that’s when it started, they were sent to defend Donetsk Lugansk Mariupol I have a classmate who died near Mariupol, and now it turns out that they came to the Kursk region to us and in short, none of them Donetsk did not go to defend the Kursk region Well, in fact, there is no one there anymore, and there are no grandfathers and grandmothers and aunts, there are no men at all, roughly speaking. And where are the men? The question is: Well, why are they quietly in the fields, in the sense that there are a million people there in Donetsk? as we intended, roughly speaking, there was no one left, and the men who had already lived there for over 30 their whole lives, leaving was not an option, they were at the front. It’s cool, and the young man left showed us on TV that Russia came to rebuild everything there and all those tiles there, yes there, there with in total they launder so much money that they rip off the tiles and instead of it they fill in cheap asphalt, not a skip Yes, I’m not a skip I want to go to the classroom Yes, no matter, let’s have a normal bazaar, I’m just from a non-skip, I’m I’m burning you from Donetsk, it’s really interesting to know what’s there like it was, but it turns out that this is what started like Ihu nezhi urya, I wouldn’t mind when from the beginning when change like yes, I don’t even have anyone I know in Donetsk Yes, but I see what’s happening right now there, for example, Bakhmut, he’s generally like destroyed there Yes there, like these in, well, Donetsk, like, well, like, since the fourteenth year, they told us that like Ukraine, like Kyiv Donbass Yes, but I look like in Donetsk in Donetsk, like more in Donetsk, as if the buildings are all standing Everything is fine Everything is functioning standing up Well in Donetsk lu Why then why did they send us in short to free you I can’t understand interesting maybe why it’s probably for the sake of it well, that is, in the second year no one fired at us Poly from the Kursk region for Nola in Mariu no why then it’s all Well since how And why m Why did Mavro the [ __ ] warm up Mavrodi And what does this have to do with m in general well how is it just m well you asked Why but he asked Why and like he did it How can anyone know this So that’s not the point, the point is they warmed up in good and this is how it turns out How it is with work just now I said the same work here is fine normal normal In Russia it’s good there too Where at the factory 16 there is money they spend a lot of money there Well, sometimes businesses develop as simply as in the factory 16,000 if in Russia we have a minimum wage of 19,000 rubles, well, in Russia we have a lot of things that are almost like Russia in Donetsk at the factory they pay less than in Russia the minimum wage is like that It can’t be Well yes Well, damn it, in Russia they can pay like that easily just well roughly speaking, it’s not official, everything is black cash desk Degi. Why, I just can’t understand why work at a factory for 16,000 rubles if you can go somewhere to work, in short, damn it, on a shift for 3 months and have as much as you care about. I also don’t understand why work at a factory for 16,000 rubles But the people worked there, I went there because they gave reservations when there was mobilization and then I found it, then I went to another job and basically there, well, I got under 70, damn, you can look for it, but now it turns out like you Well, you like you think we are citizens of Russia, yes, or like, well, like, or you have two passports, like, well, no, not the same passport, like the Donetsk People’s Republic, but I had a passport for a kid, a year old, yes, Russian And you, you’re in our army because I can sell it later, you’ll be able to sell it show this passport to your grandchildren, yes, but it kind of turns out Well, you didn’t serve in the Russian army, I served in the Russian army. And when did you have time? Yes, 5 months ago I returned, how long have you served for a year, it’s cool, like, they took you on urgent duty, yes, urgently, yes, I understood. that I didn’t go as a contract soldier Yes, it’s not my thing, I don’t like it Well, to protect Donetsk Well, we’re all adequate people and we understand that if we have to, then yes, but I’m not so ideological as to die for the boys in Gal suu like in the State Duma I just can’t understand a little uh just Why are we, for example, from Kursk Yes, we must go to defend Donetsk Lugansk if the boys from Donetsk Lugansk themselves, in short, get out of there you Ask this question to yourself, why should you, no one owes anything to anyone, just needs The homeland sent us, we idm and think with your head Why Which homeland who sent you real people They gave birth to Vladimir Zelensky, what kind of Zelensky are we? Well, we are from Donetsk. Well, apparently I’m confused with you, where are we now in Donetsk now in Russia in Russia? Well, you’re still in Kiev, we zigzagged through the White Church once, we had enough of the metro or that Klitschko’s brain is Klitschko’s brain something like that we were in the White Church that day when he had some kind of brain you have there, well, somewhere in Kiev his bridge is shorter, I don’t know what kind of bridges are there So yes, and it’s you like it turns out now you work as we we we smm managers advertising naan you shine there with your nene not advertising but I understand understood understood Like those who shine like you drive yes Well, it’s cool it doesn’t turn out well Well, we also drive as if it happens Well it’s there according to the situation So what it comes out in terms of money Well, a good month is not fixed, as you work and you will earn Well, for example, How much in a good month How much in a bad month Well, maybe, well, let’s say in a month I earned 80 in 2 weeks and in the next month I earned 80 in a month oh 40 More precisely, well, that’s already 80 more or less normal, listen, well, yes, well, there’s like stability stability, there’s no stability there for for for well, no well for young boys 80 mowers to rent in less than a month is Damn not bad it’s like you know not that you’re already in short there man you have three children there in short wife, car needs to be maintained, like, maybe eighty won’t be enough, it sounds scary. For this age, for ours, it’s definitely scary. Well, like, damn, I have two types, yes. Well, it turns out that school is September 1st. Yes, it’s busy there, like, to assemble. And so, like, you go to the cars norms, in short, it’s still tied to one local self-government, you’re not the same anymore, well, that’s not it Well, yes, yes, I can’t, for example, Well, now these military operations are going on Yes, we have a front about 30 kilometers away from us. I would take it. Malaya goes to school to kindergarten now, my wife and I were talking Yes She says that if something happens with Kursk itself, then we will move Yes And so, like take somewhere to move Now where do you know to transport the children? They are here at school, like they have friends, but now in short it’s not clear where to come to a rented house This is also something you don’t want to make simpler, you’re like the young people got up and moved out in short and that’s it Well, it was high time, in fact, I realized that you have girls and you haven’t started anything Maybe it’s time for a long time ago Yes We need to spend money Yes now it’s not a cheap pleasure yes So Well, yes, plus I went Now with the prices in cafes such that I went to a cafe In short, I don’t want anything anymore, really, if not more, bam, that’s it, that’s all, like I did for a week, ten Bam and that’s it And you have rodaki left there like in Donetsk, yes, yes, in principle, they don’t want to move. Yes, of course, a person has lived there all his life, roughly speaking, where should they be? They’re afraid that these shellings are already there, well, honestly. We’re there every day, people are going to work under stress, we were walking somewhere- then it flew into the roof of this what was his name house nursing home we sort of sat down there and started running around for something I ran behind the house and the woman continued to walk the dog the woman continued to walk the dog the men were playing backgammon tee all over tee they were like that Oh well they are all already inveterate swindlers are not in our country, if in Kursk we rarely turned on the alarm Yes, but when they turn it on, everyone is fussing and running We are also like sewing, I also saw a program in short, uh, this military correspondent was like Sladkov, he was like, he went to Donetsk shows Yes, there are people whistling, in short, mines like And this something thinks this is for us or not for us, they already sort of determine by the sound Yes Yes Yes they are oriented By the way, yes people I thought the order was like first then like no shorter they say in the city it was in Donetsk no So she’s not to blame I don’t remember Probably back in 1915 I heard alarms about something being turned off when we were studying at school and that’s it And so that it was essentially turned on no T alarm only if it’s already an alarm Oh by the way, what didn’t they think For example, if we exchange our Kursk region to your Donetsk like that Ukraine will leave the Kursk region but Russia will trade on the stock exchange I would already have a GTO in Khmelnitsk And these if it turns out like, for example, this is your grandmother there or your mother Who stayed there Yes, they’re like they’re not afraid that punitive forces will come, I know you have grandmothers, I don’t think so, I’d like to take it into the military, like in fact, people don’t really have enough there anymore, there are all sorts of Azov krakens, etc. Well, like, there’s a cliff for your language, or like I didn’t study for Russian in Ukraine, my own example I studied at school in the city of Volochisk, Zaporozhye, I was also a year old, it’s so easy to speak Russian, it seems like nothing Nino, when they asked me in a math lesson, I started speaking in Russian, they told me that the city of Volochisk is where this is Lugansk or Donets obya region And so are you from Donetsk or where are you from I don’t understand I’m already I’m from Donetsk Well when the war started We went there we went everywhere train refugees were also in Ukraine yes And it’s you like that is you went like to western Ukraine or that Well, there were relatives there, yes And I also understood that they returned, I can’t understand the relationship is bad with relatives, yes there too People are already of age They don’t agree to an agreement and it became quieter We returned after 3 weeks The cat left behind my house Cool And so this In what year did you go there, like to the western one in the city, and then came to the Donetsk boiler room and all to Russia, well, about a year like Yes, cool, I thought you were somewhere now, like when it started, like they didn’t leave every year, the hedgehog just came an empty space somewhere yes yes yes and it’s true that now there is a border between the Rostov and Donetsk regions, like there are border guards checking they have always stood of course with No, like yes yes Well, when did Russia already take new regions like there are borders for itself there are weapons there like Well, yes, it’s such a region, but suddenly someone would say it’s like there are no borders. Well, I mean, I’m a [ __ ] and the Belgorod region has no border, just like Rostov and the Donetsk Republic have a border. Well, because there aren’t very many weapons that can be distributed throughout Russia and there are supplies there. I think and so it’s well-established, of course, in this regard. Well, in our region, too, we’re yelling at our military; there’s just a lot of types of weapons. No, that’s not the kind of weapon, that’s going to start. There’s a black market all over Russia anyway, on such a scale. in the Kursk region there are just tons of military people with weapons, it’s the military, the military has a weapon written down for every military man, what kind of weapon is there? And it won’t come from what kind of weapon I can’t understand if it’s not the military. Well, even just for a captured weapon, they took someone’s weapon, it’s like it’s not taken into account, it will start and spread the word Rossi takte va so it is That’s the land there, roughly speaking Well, that’s not where you’re going, it’s impossible to live, maybe like, compared to Bakhmut, no, but the center of the city can’t be said to be normal, you describe it like it’s in Donetsk In short everyone there walks around with guns, in short damn it, well, you go out, let’s say, after 12 noon on the street, roughly speaking, if it’s some kind of non-weekend, the street is empty, no one is driving there Akhmat and who Well, these are all these guys and everything is in the stores too, they’re only Yes there you just go into some kind of supermarket there, this one is like a republic, for example. Yes, there’s a section where they sell alcohol. It’s just not warriors, these cigarettes are such a business, it’s udt. I’m shocked. Well, yes, like whoever sells in short, then there’s damn it, they have tanks there the only money is there, but how do these old people survive then? Yes, not very much, but how much is the pension now? My grandmother has 31 Yes, by the way, my grandmother has a pension with a disability; that from Donetsk you can, like, make a pension, both Ukrainian and Russian, now since a year, yes, that was all of that No, that was Yes, I mean that it ended, but it ended a long time ago Yes, but it was Well, it was, yes, pensions were also received in Russian firewood and Ukrainian, then in general it’s possible it was bury and the grannies had such an opening, then in short, the grannies just had a good scheme Yes, they don’t care about the money Well, of course they are sneaky, they went to Ukraine every month for pensions Well, there such grannies sewed it up anyway You’re supposed to get three pensions Well, I also got a shorter job like that Yes, you get a pension there from Russia, the pension is damn awesome, like, of course this granny was interesting, but you don’t need to ruin yours either, the grandmothers are normal rowing there without any other things, like the Chinese pension, the grandmothers would just forget, in short, they will have to be robbed in Rostov, they took 6 L out of the apartment [music] some kind of base, maybe yes, maybe grandma didn’t say that she has 6 million Like, 6,000 maybe Well, maybe there are different situations, but there are some universities left in Donetsk, something like that Yes, of course, I’m still there now I’m studying, like, remotely yes yes And who do I have a long faculty for: economist And what kind of economy is there now? There’s such a devastation, what do they teach there? Yes, no economics there, there’s no training in economics. I didn’t understand, in short, well, the faculty of economics, that is, economics, loans, etc., I understood. at least there are banks where there is no economy, maybe not, well, as if these teachers. Then there are all sorts of people who are still rummaging around, rummaging around. Well, I also don’t understand if he’s a smart teacher, he’s sitting there, like he can go damn it to Rostov. In short, they’re all over the place with Degi now. now it’s already there if you make money, but without it, you earned money without it, yes, Vitalik and I damnit paid for that year for that year. I guess you went Well, no one really studies there, everything is somewhere there, all the couples in all the videos, it’s all right, it’s not about that the point is not that no one wants to study, but everyone wants diplomas, that’s just a joke. So we have the same thing here in Kursk. Damn, 100%, my nephew, in short, I finished like the Fifth year in Kursk, he says I need a diploma and that’s all for me in short, for these couples and that’s it, and who is asking for these diplomas now? It’s already like that. And by the way, that’s how your people are, if you go somewhere further there, well, some big company is asked there. And it’s just that you have a tower, it’s like the bottom line is that there is a higher education and that’s it and you get 40,000 But it’s like your people are tired of this now Because here it’s like we are in Kursk At first you thought that it would be like a month or so and it would all be over yes And now when it’s like it’s close to us already a little bit there people also thought that just a month and everything will be over already already tired for 10 years even here people in Russia are tired of all this I saw this well here look how we would be until the month of August when there was an invasion in the Kursk region, like, yes, we actually did. In reality, we looked at it all like a movie. Yes, there is a war going on somewhere. Our missiles don’t fly, in short, bombs explode, well, like Donetsk Lugansk Kiev, for us in general, yes, that is, for the system it was the same thing something far away like yes The only thing that was just Well now you have a war there yes And now when Like it’s an invasion of the Kursk region we went because you know when your arrival you’re like uh you know it all you think like Let’s Maybe how - let it all stop because you know who is sitting in Moscow. My aunt is in Moscow. Yes, she says, let’s throw some bright lights there, but you’re sitting in Moscow. Well, there are a lot of them there, some news there, let’s say about the USA and you open comments there Let it be us soon we will get to them, people are aggressive, and also from the gentle side, there are also a lot of aggressive ones there, then the insult begins No, I look, they see me When they see that I am from Russia, while they all change stupidly In short, they stand there like you they are to blame In short, I’m saying I’m not shooting anyone, like I’m sitting in Kursk like yeah, that’s it Yes, but my aunt is from Moscow She really, she says we need cores, I’m good damn you, look, you’re sitting in Moscow, your air defense is closed there, they’re not firing at you, yeah we have arrivals in Kursk, we have the Sudzhansky district, all the Ukrainian troops are stationed there. People left there, everyone. Well, from Moscow it looks simpler, you know, haven’t seen the war or don’t know what it is, especially modern to them there, just let’s give them Let’s them and they themselves are sitting on the sofas Yes, especially this is where Siberia is In short, somewhere they are, well, nothing will reach them at all Yes, the drones don’t fly, I fly I looked at Tatarstan, they flew like there to the Urals a little, but to Siberia not not to Orenburg where there was a case and it flew to Ufa there normally in Ufa I didn’t hear, maybe I missed it at a petroleum depot, some one flew in there, or maybe there were more petroleum depots. This is the Rostov region, in our Kursk region, in the border area, they knocked out all the gas stations. Drones knocked out all the gas stations. that is, even people who are below us now, like there’s nowhere to refuel. They’re leaving because it’s like it’s impossible to function, nothing like that there. There’s a war going on, of course. What What’s going on there? yes, a person carries something there And now, well, like those tanks lasted for like 2 days and you still have to go to Kursk to refuel and then back, well, it’ll be expensive in terms of money. Well, then I burned a third of the tank there, like while I was driving, like, what’s the fun then? yes Are there any acquaintances of yours who died? Yes, well, acquaintances Yes, yes, I have this classmate only in Mariupol When in the second they stormed there, these TikTokers, these Akhmat, took pictures of tiktok, he drops the damn thing, says they are standing on the third echelon, making currents, taking photos Yes We’re storming here, in short, and they’re hanging awards for themselves about this. Everyone says that’s what they stand in Donetsk all the time with body kits with weapons. There they stand, eating shawarma. So we saw in the Kursk region, like they were standing there, they were holding the border. Yes, when they flooded, in short, conscripts were left behind by eighteen-year-old boys like you, 18-20 years old. Yes, they are shorter at the checkpoint, giving ammo, but they were there when the IT army was stalemate. I once heard that there was one conscript who put three of them there, something like that, then somehow they saved him, in short, I think I think these are fables like so that you know [music] to calm down I don’t know, in short, I’m in the region Yes, they surrendered 150 people 150 conscripts surrendered Well, damn, when these Chechens, they’re all fingertips, yes We keep everything short, and when the attack started, they all sang And abandoned the boys that's all Well yes Well yes kidney Yes because it turns out that you know uh our guys Like some kind of second class yes that is they If you are so cool and you have such equipment they drive too Here in Kursk that's how you said in Donetsk yes It’s just that the only thing is that we can’t shake weapons too much, so that is, you probably have general lawlessness there. Yes, you can even shoot. What can we talk about what they took there, they didn’t take it? When at the state level, a sixteen-year-old son of this son, well, some heads help out - then the medals are the chief of security. I’m sitting thinking, firstly, the chief of security, and secondly, the youngest chief, it’s safe to list further How much He’s like this He’s so shorter, you know, he has a mug, he doesn’t come out of McDonald’s for a swim, you know, in short, he’s like a mug, and here, in short, this is a medal for him Yes, of course we laughed about it too [music] Yes, and he I don’t know damn what you have to be like for Damn well Lose some weight you know somehow presentable was looked at before he really He’s so stupidly shorter yes And even what code - in short, Khabib is a marksman, an athlete, the head of security there, they gave him a medal from Kabardian Balkari or Karachay Cherkessia from somewhere, also a medal of the republic, like in a unit for a whole year in the chemical plant there, somewhere near the canteen, they didn’t even give him a medal, but this one was given, yes and there we also had, like, a little bit of indignation, such that when you remember, in short, the video was that a guy from Volgograd set fire to something in the Koran and He was detained. But in short, instead of trying him in Volgograd, Kadyrov’s men came and took him away Yes, to a pre-trial detention center in Chechnya and there with my hands, I just mocked the tied up, they blocked me for now, I kind of know how to remove the guys here, but I don’t mean any Tajikistan at all in Donetsk No, I mean because you left Donetsk a long time ago I thought I understood the apartment, they’ll admit it, but they can’t calmly go in and take it That is, if you’ve been away from the apartment for a couple of years, he takes it away Wow, in short, the neighbors Such a damn thing, in short, once in a while we go out and look at the guys crawling along the gas pipe for about 15 years, or yes, the very beginning Yes, the apartments were also taken out by shops, that He was also in Ukraine when it started from his own they also took it out normally like that Well, yes, I saw these videos of the looting of a store at night in our country, well, in our country. This is when they say that washing machines are shorter, yes. At first I also thought yes, like an emergency situation. Well, we have a post office. Yes, in Kursk region and something that Pyaterochka was robbed, no, not about Pyaterochka, then I also mean when it just started. Yes, they pulled it from Ukraine, like they showed us, they sent it from post offices, like really washing machines, we had a video, but it was running, in short, like The FSB, like, pressed down so that, like, these cameras, well, they don’t shine anymore, like, this is this, wait, where is someone, Russian Post, Well, look, dudes, in short, they went there, and like, they returned to the Kursk region when the beginning What kind of dudes, where did Corf go, went to Ukraine, when, that is, there there’s like something like a marauder Yes, and they sent it here, he won’t conduct it How will he, for example, be lucky in Novosibirsk? Yes, he comes to the Russian post office, packs it, and in short, sends it there to himself, and there’s a wife or whoever receives it, so it turns out that they are some kind of then from the battlefield like that, the crowd would pull the car, no, not there, look there, in the first days there was no battlefield. They came in, like, there was no resistance of this type in the first days, no, even if so, if he found a wound, the car, what’s the problem? Well in principle, on the other hand, yes, the war will write off the war, the war will write off everything Well, yes, like So Yes, of course And this is the one you have that was in Donetsk, this shooter Well, he was like that now, in general, and he was put in a pre-trial detention center, just with a mustache like this and that's all Girkin arrow we showed him Since when did posters hang here in Kursk hero of Novorossiya in short yes Everything No matter who says it's real that's all so look at everyone who was like that they were all removed they were all removed only arrow That's what he dumped in Moscow And then they imprisoned him now, he’s just on the way and [music] everything. Well, Denis, this man causes me the greatest rage, he was like a MK, how did he even, how did he become the head of the Republic, I can’t understand at all, he I don’t know how I don’t know I I don’t know, you touched on this topic here, I don’t know how he became the head of the Republic, I don’t understand how this person can be the head of the republic, in general, what kind of military actions can he take? No, as I understand it, they just installed him and, in short, they said you’ll pay him, here’s Moro there were hoyas And this one that worked for you as Santa Claus was someone from now now now a gubber or whatever I know who is this in this quarter Pavel Pavel a gubber or whatever it is And Gubarev Gubarev Pavel Gubarev I don’t have no idea Wait Who is Pavel the gubber Pavel Gubarev Yes he’s shorter like he was like Santa Claus at the matinees in the fourteenth year and then he became shorter like this And I have the same question, how could I understand who it is, I just saw it and I don’t know They could have chosen shorter Tom is a person who doesn’t have any kind of political practice enters into big politics, how is it I don’t understand you either Yes, I’m also not you at all, he came to power, all the positional radio channels But you, under Yanukovych, you still lived like, well, the adults were older and we know how it was, we weren’t in diapers, we understood and what kind of political experience did he have, like, or what did he have? Well, he’s a thief, in short, he’s in any way, you can see right away, you look, he at least inspires Trust. I mean, well, he looks like, okay, and this one, you know that he was the president? before he became president who he was he was who he was without a clue Well, how did he get into politics? Well, he definitely wasn’t. He definitely didn’t say this at all. If you think about it this way, this guy in the Department of the District comes out and says all of Ukraine near Donetsk walks around and then a few years later sits like this Guys, please give us money no no But how Look and I’m just curious about Yanukovych, but it turns out, well, he’s somewhere like, how do you teach in politics I just don’t know the house Well, probably a person who had a lot of money and reading the words means he has some kind of view of the world from the outside, in subordination to a bunch of people, that’s not the point, it’s just, well, it’s unrealistic to be, I’m not saying that to be a lawyer Well, there was no humor there at all, that ly was sitting with him, I forgot that’s not it it’s understandable, like, well, I don’t understand at all how they chose Well, it wouldn’t be who I’m not saying who was under M there was no war under Yanukovych Yes, that’s it Yes, that’s why Yanukovych and the Golden Loaf on the Golden Loaf are his toilet Although I wouldn’t refuse gold I, too, am a golden loaf. In short, I would Listen, by the way, that’s when Donetsk Lugansk there VM year did not agree with Kim Yanukovych did not come to Donetsk because he just moved to Donetsk No idea We can know this, well, it’s not like you lived there It turns out If Why did he he was sitting in Rostov, he couldn’t, instead they were strangling on yours, you ask such questions as if I were his friend, well wait, you’re from Donetsk, not me, I’m from Kursk, I don’t know at all, I wasn’t very interested, even um, I, I also have no idea Damn, what is he moved there somewhere to Rostov and then to Moscow. It’s just that I also have tacos, if Ukraine is a legal constitutional country like beyond Yanukovych, see, okay, zero once is possible, but a second time is no longer possible, but instead of him, it was not Arbuzov’s prime minister who, according to the Constitution, he became president was on the territory of his country Look, I don’t know what’s going on with this Constitution in Ukraine yes But it turns out If he sang in Rostov Yes if he considers himself a president that he didn’t come to Donetsk Lugansk to rule who to rule Well the country or so he should be from Donetsk was in Kiev to govern not Well, look at his voters in Donetsk, so people who are for him, like yes, there were T voters And in Kharkov there is no voter and in Kiev No, well, like there was this regime like Kievsky, yes, but in Donetsk in Lugansk there was no Kievsky regime that he did not come to Kiev somewhere or in some other regions of Ukraine there were no people who voted for Yanukovych, I mean that it was dangerous for him to be there Yes, but in Donetsk he would have felt safe, why is this in Donetsk moly vote for no already in Donetsk it’s not like that in Donetsk there were no Ukrainian elections there already was everything in the year this is Donetsk in the year it’s just there well I just understand the essence of the question I removed I could come and rule the country which country what to rule How can to manage Well, like, no, it’s not about this re managing Donetsk if he has tanks, he sits. Why should he go to Donetsk, okay, well, they removed it, and why a hundred clouds with the main one temporarily when there should have been another person, I can’t understand this at all, and then they say we’re tuchino there not Turchynov, why then Yanukovych didn’t file a case with the Constitutional Court, it just turns out that they are blaming that about Poroshenko is sitting on camera. Hey guys, so Poroshenko became president already in June, in my opinion, when Nimid Goya, the agreement was completely delayed so that we could do it later in Minsk This is already Why I don’t understand why Yanukovych ran away to Rostov at all because for now And how do we know Well, he wanted to leave I don’t see other options like what he should have done come to Donetsk and say I’ll show you here, well wait if if you’re a policeman for example You have there is a job You must do it if you are the president Yes you must do it he is the president of Ukraine he is the president of Ukraine The Donetsk People's Republic is being formed in Donetsk this is not Ukraine we had the bandit Zakharchenko there no So wait stop not you who was the first head of the DPR Borodai was who is Alexander Borodai This is where who is thisko Alexander Borodai and the chairman of the Council of Ministers of the Donetsk People's Republic until August 7 This is like what kind of adviser to the deputy chairman of the council the minister of the DPR Alexander Zakharchenko since August he would be and in August mi for the euro someone from Donetsk Well okay he was in chorus and in the World Cup the question is Where one day is not here from the very beginning from the very beginning yes He held a referendum And so on, yes it turns out I just can’t understand how it turned out he’s a Muscovite citizen of Russia yes he was how he came to you and became your head of the Republic for groin I’m saying that the guys just started healthy burn the USA here on this arrow in Ukraine you and I And what does the USA have to do with it Yes, probably in the underground somewhere with the Georgian Legion there are also no body armor and Kasli No, just look, it just turns out that it’s like a dude came from Moscow and made you the Donetsk Republic Yes, we are grateful to him for the fact that he is such a question, I can’t understand one thing: How did you Donetsk survive for 8 years against such a powerful Ukrainian army which wait against whom against whom against Ukraine Well, look Ukraine Now here Our Russian army can’t move much. Yes, Donetsk is so barely look for Avdeevka 2 years ago, people want to see how it was in 4 years old. I can’t understand where you got so many military weapons, how they could hold back the army, no matter what. Wait for us, they supplied us with help Putin himself said this, but it’s not you who are the regular army. Like so Well, the technology Well guys Here are your Russian sources, the West here said that there were no Russians No, they didn’t bribe Wait, look, it turns out I, I don’t understand how you can fight for 8 years without tanks and guns all sorts of everything were supplied weapons completely weapons it was supplied tanks were supplied Well, of course, the tanks, the plane and the ship and the Tankers where they came from and so the units were still with us doing that it just turns out, wait, it turns out that these 8 years like you were pumped up with weapons Well, also not not not incorrect wording Why are you why are you saying they pumped it up Yes, it’s clear you’re Ukrainian Yes you’re not a Ukrainian they helped with weapons Why they pumped it up But it’s the same thing no not the same for them even if they pumped them up so they pumped everyone up, what’s the question the difference is big I’m just not I can’t understand well that you couldn’t agree Well, if maybe you didn’t pump it up, maybe it was possible to come to an agreement with Kiev, you all agreed to come to an agreement I could come to an agreement Give me the freedom I would be right now there are two roads right here, but he’s not nearby He’s already who should negotiate with whom, well, look signed the Minsk agreements Yes, the Minsk agreements Poroshenko said that look in the Minsk agreements there was a clause Yes, the withdrawal of all these foreign military formations from the territory of Ukraine, yes, that is, it turns out that our Russian army had to leave Ukraine Yes, and They continued for 8 years, like posing the question of another question Another thing I said before this is the President of Ukraine Poroshenko, who signed for as many years as you want, now you are asking the question why someone didn’t deduce something that is written in the agreement on which everything is Lali, roughly speaking, in principle, Ukraine itself is all complete, just Morse code here it’s not just you just making money, everyone wanted to have buckwheat, ask Zelya How much buckwheat costs? What’s okay, hang in there, let’s do it, let’s ask one question, we’ve already switched Agent Anro, that’s how our charming number works, yes, I’m from Kursk, guys, like squeak comment and drop it video to friends Write to my Instagram I don’t know why this is for what else there to marvel at otsey my face Ale for you tse o d [ __ ] three clicks Ale you trimae me and I will be kasati Wow in me there Kupa folov and in me I will be cool mood so that robiti nove cool video message on my Instagram Popik Andriy otak Let me check for you and